TRAVIS WAACK: Okay, let's talk about leading
our teammates in passing. And when we say
leading, we're leading by throwing the ball
into an area, not necessarily a spot on our
teammate, but an area, a general area, somewhere
in front of them. So we're leading--when I
say leading, we're throwing the ball in front
of our teammate who's running the down the
court with us or if we're standing and they're
running, cutting towards the basket for a
layup. We want to put that ball in a general
area in front of them. And the spot that we
want to do is right anywhere in between the
numbers. I'll shoot for the numbers. If it's
too low and they're cutting to the basket,
they got to reach down and then bring it all
the way up, and all of that takes time. And
so we want to lead them in the best way to
get good at learning how to pass and leading
your teammates is practice. It takes a lot
of practice; it takes timing, efficiency and
lots of practice. And it depends on how fast
they're coming down the court, at what angle,
and like I say, lots of practice. But you
want to lead them with that ball in front
of them somewhere in an area that's hitting
them right here or hitting them right here
while they're in stride, so that they can
easily catch that ball and get into their
ready position or continue on in their stride
and shoot a layup. So very important leading,
lots of practice, the ball is in front of
them, and we'll give you a demonstration.
Okay, so we've got Scott. He's going to be
demonstrating how he's just running down the
side and we're going to throw it--we're going
to use a bounce pass in front of him a little
bit. Hopefully, it's in position enough where
he can just continue his stride and continue
with it and making a lay-up. So we're going
to lead him; he's running down the floor,
bounce pass; he catches it and lays it up
for two.